Keep this code as the basis, but make a new file using a new spreadsheet. There are 7 accounts nick, bob, sophia, amy, bill, gabby, and guest.  the password is nick2026 for all accounts.  The categories are Pitching, Catching, Fielding, Throwing, Hitting, Baserunning, and Intangibles.  No drills yet for Pitching, Fielding, Throwing, Hitting.  Catching drills are Pop time and use the same metrics for scores, throwing accuracy scores are 3 on target - in the air or 1 hop, 2 right - the air or 1 hop, 1 left - the air or 1 hop, 0 off mark. Blocking, 3 stays down, 2 smother ball, 1 - picks up quickly after block, 0 - doesn't block. Footwork 3 - limits steps before throwing. Mobility 3 - quick moved for play. Explosiveness 3 - drives towards target when throwing and 3 - quick to retrieve bunts and throw to 1B

Baserunning has three sections Speed Metrics, Explosiveness, Scrimmage Scores, For baserunning speed make forut it the attempts to 2 attempts instead of 3. H -1B, keep the metrics as is, add checkbox for missed 1B and add .5 seconds to time.  change H ->2B to 2B -> H, add check if missed 3B and add 1 second to time, H -> 3B 1 attempt not 2 attempts, add checkbox for no stick and add 1 second to time.  based on the other speed metrics, dtermine the correct scores for times.  H -> H, one attempt, add checkbox if any base missed and add 1 second to time. For Explosiveness the drill are Pro Agility 2 attempts, 5 is under 4.3  4 is 4.3 to 4.6 , 3 is 4.7 to 5, 2 is 5.1 to 5.5 and 1 is over 5.5 seconds. Broad jump is the other Explosivenes drill, use the existing metrics, 2 attempts.  Scrimmage scores have drill for Chop Step Ability 1-3 scores, Rounding Bases, 1-3 scores, Sliding 1-3 soores, General Softball IQ 1-3 score, Agressiveness 1-3 score. All coaches will evaluate Scrimmage scores, so make sure to average the scores.

Intangibles drills are Game Situation Awareness (Knows what to do on the basepath for various situations) score 1-5, leadership (Does the right things at the right time, keeps teammates on task, works hard during practice) score 1-5, Enthusiasm (Cheers to teammates, calls out where to throw the ball, moves quickly from drill to drill) score 1-5.  All coaches will evaluate Intagibles, so make sure to average the scores.


Under the Options button create the ability to display and modify all the drills speed or timimg units so the user can adjust higher ot lower the threshhold for the drill scoring. Similar to what how it is done in file:///C:/Users/rsimm/softball_tryouts/index.html

need to be able to change all 5 threshholds including the > ones.  Why did broadjump go back to only feet.  it supposed to be feet and inches